Better support for global bindings & Node tests (#119)
alainfrisch/gen_js_api: VALUES.md

  As for global values, it is possible to indicate the access path by
  using `[@js.scope]` attributes on englobing modules (see below).

  When the global object is itself an object constructor, the `[@@js.create]`
  attribute may be used to instantiate it.

  For instance,
  ```ocaml
    module[@js.scope "JavascriptClassName"] C : sig

>       val create: T1 -> ... -> Tn -> t [@js.create]

Reviewer: Would it make sense to have this be `[@js.new]`, with no payload? I guess the need to introduce a new attribute name `js.create` is to be able to tell gen_js_api where to pick the name from (value name or current global), right?

I am thinking of an alternate name `scoped_new` instead of `create` 🤔 so that the connection with `new` remains in the attribute name.

Author: > Would it make sense to have this be [@js.new], with no payload? I guess the need to introduce a new attribute name js.create is to be able to tell gen_js_api where to pick the name from (value name or current global), right?

In the "create" case, there is no name ! The global object is the constructor. 

Let's say you want to bind:
```js 
class Point {
  constructor(x, y) {
    this.x = x;
    this.y = y;
  }

  norm() {
    return Math.hypot(x, y);
  }

  static distance(a, b) {
    const dx = a.x - b.x;
    const dy = a.y - b.y;

    return Math.hypot(dx, dy);
  }
}
```
```ocaml
module[@js.scope "Point"] Point : sig 
  type t 
  val t_to_js: t -> Ojs.t
  val t_of_js: Ojs.t -> t 

  val new_point: float -> float -> t [@@js.create] (* no way to bind the constructor using [@js.new] under the scope *)
  val distance: t -> t -> float [@@js.global] 
  
  val norm: t -> float [@@js.call]
end 
```

If we were to use `[@@js.new]` without payload, it would be the same as [@@js.new "Point"] (which under the scope "Point" would be "Point.Point").

The problem with "scoped_new" is that it could imply that "new" is "unscoped". We could use the empty string "" instead of no payload (`[@@js.new ""]` ?) Or `[@@js.new_self]` ?

  See [Verbatim section](IMPLGEN.md) for more details and examples.

Scope
-----

> The signature attribute `[@@@js.scope "property"]` change the reference to the current global

Reviewer: `changes`

> object by following the property provided as payload. They can be nested.

Reviewer: Subjective, but imo:

> The access path is then composed by concatenation of all the names indicated by `[@js.scope]` attribute, separated by a '.'.

was more explicit and clear than

> They can be nested.

> The simple use case is to binds values packed in singleton objects or classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple use case is to bind to JavaScript values packed in singleton objects or classes.
```

For instance,

```ocaml
  module[@js.scope "console"] Console: sig
    val log: string -> unit [@@js.global]
  end
```

is equivalent to

```ocaml
  module Console: sig
    val log: string -> unit [@@js.global "console.log"]
  end
```

When attached directly to a module, the payload of `[@@js.scope]`
may be omitted, it will be implicitly filled with the module name
(preserving the capitalization !).

> Before version 1.0.7, the presence of `[@@js.scope]` change

Reviewer: `changed`, or `used to change`?

the behavior of automatic bindings. It is no longer the case.

An experimental feature also allows to pass an expression of type `Ojs.t` as
a payload to replace the global object. The intended use case is to allow
dynamic loading of modules.

Automatic binding
-----------------

Some conventions, based on the declared value names and their types,

> allow to inter implicitly the `[@@js.xxx]` attributes on value

Reviewer: `infer`?

declarations in most cases.

There are three modes that controls the heuristic:
  1. The *default* mode,
  2. The *static* mode,
  3. And the *prototype* mode.

> The signature attributes [@@@js.auto], [@@@js.prototype] and

Reviewer: I think `js.prototype` should be `js.static`. (`js.prototype` appears twice)

- If the value is a function with a single argument `unit -> τ2`, then
  the declaration is assumed to be a `[@@js.get]` global getter.

- If the value is a function whose first argument is a named type `τ
  -> ...`, then the definition is assumed to be a `[@@js.call]` method
  call.

- Otherwise, the declaration is assumed to be a `[@@js.global]` value.
  This applies in particular for any non-functional type.

> ### Rules for the *static* mode

Reviewer: Is `static` mode strictly needed? What is it adding that the auto mode can't do?

This mode is used to generate bindings depending on the "current"
global object (see the Scope section).

- If the value is a function whose result is a named type `... -> τ`
  and the name is `create`, then the declaration is assumed to
  be a `[@@js.create]` object creation.

- If the value is a function whose result is a named type `... -> τ`
  and its name starts with `new_`, then the declaration is assumed to
  be a `[@@js.new]` object creation (on the class whose name is
  obtained by dropping the `new_`prefix).

- If the value is a function with a single argument `τ1 -> unit` and
  its name starts with `set_`, then the declaration is assumed to be a
  `[@@js.set]` global setter (whose name is obtained by dropping the
  `set_` prefix).

- Otherwise, the declaration is assumed to be a `[@@js.global]` value.

### Rules for the *prototype* mode

In a *prototype* section, the generated code is not allowed to depend
on the current global object (or an error will be emitted). Therefore
such sections are guaranteed not to depend on the current scope.

> The rule in this mode are:

Reviewer: `rules`
